Document repr packed(N). (#553)
rust-lang-nursery/reference: src/type-layout.md

*representation* that specifies what the layout is for the type.

The possible representations for a type are the default representation, `C`,

> the primitive representations, and `transparent`.

Reviewer: Itemize ^

Also make it clear what the "primitive representations" entail (by itemizing all the primitive reprs)

}
```

The alignment may be raised or lowered with the `align` and `packed` modifiers

> respectively. They alter the representation specified in the attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
respectively. They alter the representation specified in the attribute.
If no representation is specified, the default one is altered.
```

```rust
// Default representation, alignment lowered to 2.
#[repr(packed(2))]
struct PackedStruct {
    first: i16,
    second: i8,
    third: i32
}

// C representation, alignment raised to 8
#[repr(C, align(8))]
struct AlignedStruct {
    first: i16,
    second: i8,
    third: i32
}
```

> Note: As a consequence of the representation being an attribute on the item,
> the representation does not depend on generic parameters. Any two types with
> the same name have the same representation. For example, `Foo<Bar>` and
> `Foo<Baz>` both have the same representation.

The representation of a type can change the padding between fields, but does
not change the layout of the fields themselves. For example, a struct with a
`C` representation that contains a struct `Inner` with the default

> representation will not change the layout of Inner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
representation will not change the layout of `Inner`.
```

alignment of the type to a given value.

Alignment is specified as a parameter in the form of `#[repr(align(x))]`. The
alignment value must be a power of two up to 2<sup>29</sup>. The `align`
representation can raise the alignment of a type to be greater than it's
primitive alignment, it cannot lower the alignment of a type.

The `align` and `packed` representations cannot be applied on the same type and
a `packed` type cannot transitively contain another `align`ed type.

### The `packed` Representation

The `packed` representation can be used on `struct`s and `union`s to lower the
alignment and padding of the type.

The packing value is specified as a parameter in the form of
`#[repr(packed(x))]`. If no value is given, as in `#[repr(packed)]`, then the
packing value is 1. The packing value must be a power of two up to
2<sup>29</sup>.

> The `packed` representation sets the alignment to the smaller of the specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `packed` representation sets the type's alignment to the smaller of the specified
```

> packing and the current alignment (either default or `C`). The alignments of

Reviewer: Here the "default" alignment is referenced but above "primitive alignment" is used... we should pick one phrasing.

Reviewer 2: Get rid of both "current' and "primitive". Get rid of the parenthetical. Instead spell it out explicitly that if the type has the default or C representation, and the alignment from that representation is smaller, it will use that alignment.

> packing and the current alignment (either default or `C`). The alignments of

Reviewer: "or `C`" is not super clear wrt. referring to C-the-language

> each field for the purpose of positioning fields would also be the smaller of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each field, for the purpose of positioning fields, is the smaller of
```

> the specified packing and the alignment of the type of that field. If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the specified packing and the alignment of the field's type. If the
```

Likewise, combining two primitive representations together is unspecified.

### The `align` modifier

The `align` modifier can be used on `struct`s and `union`s to raise the
alignment of the type to a given value.

The alignment is specified as an integer parameter in the form of
`#[repr(align(x))]`. The alignment value must be a power of two from 1 up to
2<sup>29</sup>.

> The `align` modifier raises the type's alignment to the specified alignment.

Reviewer: This is a partial repetition of what you said in the leading paragraph.

> If the specified alignment is less than the alignment of the type without the

Reviewer: I believe this concept of "without the ** modifier" is referred to as the "natural **", for example "natural alignment". I think it would be good to introduce such terms earlier (when we first start to speak about alignment) and then use them.

`align` modifier, then the alignment is unaffected.

The `align` and `packed` modifiers cannot be applied on the same type and a
`packed` type cannot transitively contain another `align`ed type. `align` may
only be applied to the default and `C` representations.

### The `packed` modifier

The `packed` modifier can be used on `struct`s and `union`s to lower the
alignment of the type to a given value.

> The packing value is specified as an integer parameter in the form of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The packing value (hence: "value") is specified as an integer parameter in the form of
```

`#[repr(packed(x))]`. If no value is given, as in `#[repr(packed)]`, then the

> packing value is 1. The packing value must be a power of two from 1 up to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value is 1. The value must be a power of two from 1 up to
```

> 2<sup>29</sup>.

Reviewer: If you extract out the wording about the default it is the same as the paragraph for `align`. So extract these two out into a common notion `repr_value` or something and then reference that one.

> The `packed` modifier lowers the type's alignment to the specified packing. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `packed` modifier lowers the type's alignment to the specified value. If
```

> the specified packing is greater to the alignment of the type without the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the specified value is greater than the type's alignment without the
```
